Interspeech2019_SpecialSession.md, before:

---
title: Description
feature_text: |
  ## The VOiCES from a Distance Challenge -- Interspeech 2019 Special Session

feature_image: "https://picsum.photos/1300/400?image=1051"
excerpt: "Interspeech 2019 Special Session"
aside: True
---

## The Challenge

The VOiCES from a distance challenge 2019 will be focused on benchmarking and further improving state-of-the-art technologies
in the area of speaker recognition and automatic speech recognition (ASR) for far-field speech. The challenge will use the VOiCES data for development and evaluation. The challenge will have two tracks for speaker recognition and ASR:

(i) _Fixed System_ - Training data is limited to a subset of VOiCES, a subset of LibriSpeech, [SITW](http://www.speech.sri.com/projects/sitw/), and [VoxCeleb](http://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~vgg/data/voxceleb/index.html#portfolio)

(ii) _Open System_ - Participants can use any external datasets they have access to (private or public)

<center>{% include button.html text="REGISTER HERE" color="#733f94" link="https://goo.gl/forms/OehGNC7E7HRtxjCb2" %} </center>

### Data and Evaluation
Data subsets for challenge tracks are available for download [HERE](https://app.box.com/s/9tpuuycgxk9hykr6romsv05vvmdpie11). Make sure to check-out the README.VOICES_2019.txt for more details on what is included in each subset and tips on how to to unzip the data.


### Timeline
**Jan. 15, 2019 :** Release of the evaluation plan and development sets  
**Feb. 25, 2019 :** Evaluation data available  
**March 4, 2019 :**  System output submission deadline (11:59 PM PST)  
**March 11, 2019 :** Release of evaluation results  
**March 15, 2019 :** System description submission and release of VOiCES phase II key for the participating teams  
**March 29, 2019 :** Regular paper submission deadline for Interspeech 2019  

Questions about the challenge? contact us at voices_poc@sri.com

Commit message:

adds evaluation plan, wording on perks for participating

Interspeech2019_SpecialSession.md, after:

---
title: Description
feature_text: |
  ## The VOiCES from a Distance Challenge -- Interspeech 2019 Special Session

feature_image: "https://picsum.photos/1300/400?image=1051"
excerpt: "Interspeech 2019 Special Session"
aside: True
---

## The Challenge

The VOiCES from a distance challenge 2019 will be focused on benchmarking and further improving state-of-the-art technologies
in the area of speaker recognition and automatic speech recognition (ASR) for far-field speech. The challenge will use the VOiCES data for development and evaluation. The challenge will have two tracks for speaker recognition and ASR:

(i) _Fixed System_ - Training data is limited to a subset of VOiCES, a subset of LibriSpeech, [SITW](http://www.speech.sri.com/projects/sitw/), and [VoxCeleb](http://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~vgg/data/voxceleb/index.html#portfolio)

(ii) _Open System_ - Participants can use any external datasets they have access to (private or public)

<center>{% include button.html text="REGISTER HERE" color="#733f94" link="https://goo.gl/forms/OehGNC7E7HRtxjCb2" %} </center> <br/>


 > Participants who complete the challenge (**submit their system outputs and system description**) will get early access to the VOiCES phase 2 data.   
The phase 2 data is an extension of VOiCES, with over 310k audio files recorded in new reverberant environments.

### Data and Evaluation
Data subsets for challenge tracks are available for download [HERE](https://app.box.com/s/9tpuuycgxk9hykr6romsv05vvmdpie11). Make sure to check-out the README.VOICES_2019.txt for more details on what is included in each subset and tips on how to to unzip the data.<br/>

The [evaluation plan](/images/VOiCES_eval_plan.v4.pdf) outlines training conditions for fixed and open tracks, details on the development and evaluation data, model performance metrics, and how to submit scores, for both ASR and SID tasks. This document also provides information on how the training and evaluation datasets provided for download are organized, and evaluation rules for the challenge.  


### Timeline
**Jan. 15, 2019 :** Release of the evaluation plan and development sets  
**Feb. 25, 2019 :** Evaluation data available  
**March 4, 2019 :**  System output submission deadline (11:59 PM PST)  
**March 11, 2019 :** Release of evaluation results  
**March 15, 2019 :** System description submission and release of VOiCES phase II key for the participating teams  
**March 29, 2019 :** Regular paper submission deadline for Interspeech 2019  

Questions about the challenge? contact us at voices_poc@sri.com
